Update of description for Super-Kamiokande notice (#3113)
nasa-gcn/gcn.nasa.gov: app/routes/missions.sksn/route.mdx

| ------- | ---------------------------- | ----------- |
| `SK_SN` | REAL or TEST supernova alert | &leq;1 hour |

**GCN Notice Types in GCN Over Kafka

> The notice published in GCN Over Kafka is largely compatible with those in GCN Classic and GCN Classic Over Kafka. However, it includes some additional information: the number of detected inverse beta decay (IBD) events, the analysis pipeline used (`snwatch` or `wit`), and the type of processed sample (`full` or `partial`) used for event detection.

Reviewer: I think @hmenjo wanted to say that the information mostly overlap between GCN Kafka notice and GCN Classic.
Probably the following would be better?

`The information included in the notice published in GCN Kafka are largely overlapping with those in GCN Classic and GCN Classic over Kafka. However, some additional information are also included: the number of detected inverse beta decay (IBD) events, the analysis pipeline used (`snwatch` or `wit`), and the type of processed sample (`full` or `partial`) used for event detection.`

> The notice published in GCN Over Kafka is largely compatible with those in GCN Classic and GCN Classic Over Kafka. However, it includes some additional information: the number of detected inverse beta decay (IBD) events, the analysis pipeline used (`snwatch` or `wit`), and the type of processed sample (`full` or `partial`) used for event detection.

Reviewer 2: The rewording looks like it addresses the issue. Please implement it.

The alert latency in GCN Over Kafka is slightly shorter than that in GCN Classic. 

> Special variables for this supernova alert:

Reviewer: I think @hmenjo wanted to say that the following variables are in additional to GCN core variables, or have a slightly different description than in core. 

For example in core `alert_datetime` is "Date and time of notice creation [UTC, ISO 8601], ex YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.ssssssZ" but here it's "The date and time of the first neutrino detection in the burst of detected neutrino events." or `luminosity_distance` is using SN1987A neutrino flux as reference. 

I'm not sure what would be a better formulation. Maybe "Additional information on the variables for this supernova alert" ?

> Special variables for this supernova alert:

Reviewer 2: The core schema are building blocks for your alerts, so you don't need to say what you used outside.  However you can add more explanation to specific fields, as you are including.

You could say "Super-Kamiokande specific variables" or as IceCube does "The GCN Notice will highlight:" (see https://gcn.nasa.gov/missions/icecube).

- `alert_datetime`:  The date and time of the first neutrino detection in the burst of detected neutrino events. 

> - `detection_interval`: The time interval between the first and last neutrino events [s]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `detection_interval`: The time interval between the first and last neutrino events [s].
```

| ------- | ---------------------------- | ----------- |
| `SK_SN` | REAL or TEST supernova alert | &leq;1 hour |

**GCN Notice Types in GCN Over Kafka

The notice published in GCN Over Kafka is largely compatible with those in GCN Classic and GCN Classic Over Kafka. However, it includes some additional information: the number of detected inverse beta decay (IBD) events, the analysis pipeline used (`snwatch` or `wit`), and the type of processed sample (`full` or `partial`) used for event detection.

The alert latency in GCN Over Kafka is slightly shorter than that in GCN Classic. 

Special variables for this supernova alert:

> - `alert_datetime` and `rate_duration`:  
>   `alert_datetime` corresponds to the date and time of the first neutrino detection in the burst of detected neutrino events. `rate_duration` is defined as the time interval between the first and last neutrino events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `alert_datetime`: The date and time of the first neutrino detection in the burst of detected neutrino events. 

- `rate_duration`: The time interval between the first and last neutrino events.
```

- `pipeline`:  

>   The analysis pipeline used to generate this alert; either `"snwatch"` or `"wit"`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  The analysis pipeline used to generate this alert; either `"snwatch"` or `"wit"`.
```
Please feel free to add more description.

- `processed_sample`:  
  Indicates the size of the processed event sample used for this alert; either `"full"` or `"partial"`.  
  If the supernova explosion occurs near Earth, a large number of events may be detected by SK. In such cases, an alert may be issued before processing of the full sample is completed, and it will be updated once full processing is finished.

- `n_events`:  
  The total number of detected neutrino events.

- `n_ibd_events`:  

>   The number of IBD events in the sample, identified by the coincidence of neutron capture signals.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  The number of IBD events in the sample, identified by the coincidence of neutron capture signals.
```
Add full form of IBD here as well.

- `luminosity_distance` and `luminosity_distance_error`:  

>   The estimated distance to the source and its uncertainty, based on the assumption of an SN1987A-like neutrino flux.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The estimated distance to the source and its uncertainty, assuming a SN1987A-like neutrino flux.
```

 <div className="overflow-table">

| Kafka topic                        | Comments                                                            |
| ---------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `gcn.notice.superk.sn_alert.real`  | For a real supernova alert                                          |
| `gcn.notice.superk.sn_alert.test`  | For a test alert (generate once per month)                          |

 </div>

> **Yearly Event Rates:**

Reviewer 2: This can be removed unless you want to guess on the rate.

| ------- | ---------------------------- | ----------- |

> | `SK_SN` | REAL or TEST supernova alert | &leq;1 hour |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `SK_SN` | REAL or TEST supernova alert | &leq;1 min |
```

- `n_events`:  
  The total number of detected neutrino events.

- `n_ibd_events`:  
  The number of inverse beta decay (IBD) events in the sample, identified by the coincidence of neutron capture signals.

- `luminosity_distance` and `luminosity_distance_error`:  
  The estimated distance to the source and its uncertainty [kpc], assuming a SN1987A-like neutrino flux.

- `ra_dec_error` : The statistical uncertainty of the location [deg]. Its containmaint probalitiy is given as `containment_probability` (default: 0.68).

- `trigger_number`: Event ID used in GCN Classic.

 <div className="overflow-table">

| Kafka topic                       | Comments                                   |
| --------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| `gcn.notice.superk.sn_alert.real` | For a real supernova alert                 |
| `gcn.notice.superk.sn_alert.test` | For a test alert (generate once per month) |

 </div>

## Expected Yearly Alert Rates

<div className="overflow-table">

> | Type                              | Rate           |
> | --------------------------------- | -------------- |
> | `gcn.notice.superk.sn_alert.real` | `<1`           |
> | `gcn.notice.superk.sn_alert.test` | `12` (monthly) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Type                              | Rate           | Localization | Latency |
| --------------------------------- | -------------- | ----- | ----- |
| Core-collapse supernova | `<1`        | 5–10° | ~1 minute |
| Test | `12` (monthly) | | |
```

| ------- | ---------------------------- | ----------- |
| `SK_SN` | REAL or TEST supernova alert | &leq;1 hour |

> **GCN Notice Types in GCN Kafka**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<WithFeature SK_JSON>
**GCN Notice Types in GCN Kafka**
```
